4.7 RN: Add known Kuryr issue with UPI (#29462)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-7-release-notes.adoc

+
(link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1913279[*BZ#1913279*])

> * UPI installation on OpenStack with Kuryr times out while waiting for bootstrapping:
> +
> [source,terminal]
> ----
> INFO Waiting up to 20m0s for the Kubernetes API at https://api.ostest.shiftstack.com:6443...
> INFO API v1.20.0+ba45583 up
> INFO Waiting up to 30m0s for bootstrapping to complete...
> ERROR Attempted to gather ClusterOperator status after wait failure: listing ClusterOperator objects: Get "https://api.ostest.shiftstack.com:6443/apis/config.openshift.io/v1/clusteroperators": dial tcp 10.46.44.166:6443: connect: connection refused
> INFO Use the following commands to gather logs from the cluster
> INFO openshift-install gather bootstrap --help
> FATAL failed to wait for bootstrapping to complete: timed out waiting for the condition
> ----
> +
> This is caused by changes in how Kuryr detects the Neutron subnet of the {product-title} nodes. The workaround is to not remove the master Machine manifests, so in step 2 of "Creating the Kubernetes manifest and Ignition config files" in installation instructions the command to use becomes:
> +
> [source,terminal]
> ----
> $ rm -f openshift/99_openshift-cluster-api_worker-machineset-*.yaml
> ----
> +
> The issue is scheduled to be fixed in one of the z-stream {product-title} 4.7 updates.
> +
> (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1927244[*BZ#1927244*])

Reviewer: @dulek So, I'm basically thinking this:

```suggestion
* Installing a cluster on {rh-openstack} that uses Kuryr times out with the following messages during bootstrapping: 
+
[source,terminal]
----
INFO Waiting up to 20m0s for the Kubernetes API at https://api.ostest.shiftstack.com:6443...
INFO API v1.20.0+ba45583 up
INFO Waiting up to 30m0s for bootstrapping to complete...
ERROR Attempted to gather ClusterOperator status after wait failure: listing ClusterOperator objects: Get "https://api.ostest.shiftstack.com:6443/apis/config.openshift.io/v1/clusteroperators": dial tcp 10.46.44.166:6443: connect: connection refused
INFO Use the following commands to gather logs from the cluster
INFO openshift-install gather bootstrap --help
FATAL failed to wait for bootstrapping to complete: timed out waiting for the condition
----

The time out is caused by changes in how Kuryr detects the {rh-openstack} Networking service (neutron) subnet of the cluster's nodes. 

As a workaround, do not remove the control plane machine manifests as described by "Creating the Kubernetes manifest and Ignition config files" in the installation documentation.When you are instructed to run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rm -f openshift/99_openshift-cluster-api_master-machines-*.yaml openshift/99_openshift-cluster-api_worker-machineset-*.yaml
----

Run this command instead:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rm -f openshift/99_openshift-cluster-api_worker-machineset-*.yaml
----
```
I could see about adjusting the prod Kuryr UPI docs to use the latter command, instead. I could then revert the change after the bug is fixed. This would trigger a QE review, though, and it's not as easy to get approved after freeze as a release note is. 

Thoughts?

Author: I'd rather not touch the documentation itself. The step with removing master machines manifests is correct and in the future not removing them may have adverse side effects. I don't want anyone to write this workaround into their scripts without intent.

Reviewer: Works for me. Just wanted to present options. :)

INFO Waiting up to 30m0s for bootstrapping to complete...
ERROR Attempted to gather ClusterOperator status after wait failure: listing ClusterOperator objects: Get "https://api.ostest.shiftstack.com:6443/apis/config.openshift.io/v1/clusteroperators": dial tcp 10.46.44.166:6443: connect: connection refused
INFO Use the following commands to gather logs from the cluster
INFO openshift-install gather bootstrap --help
FATAL failed to wait for bootstrapping to complete: timed out waiting for the condition
----

The time out is caused by changes in how Kuryr detects the {rh-openstack} Networking service (neutron) subnet of the cluster's nodes. 

As a workaround, do not remove the control plane machine manifests as described by the "Creating the Kubernetes manifest and Ignition config files" section in the installation documentation. When you are instructed to run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rm -f openshift/99_openshift-cluster-api_master-machines-*.yaml openshift/99_openshift-cluster-api_worker-machineset-*.yaml
----

Run this command instead:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rm -f openshift/99_openshift-cluster-api_worker-machineset-*.yaml
----

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

(link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1927244[*BZ#1927244*])

```

Realized I obliterated the BZ link.

+
(link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1913279[*BZ#1913279*])

* Installing a cluster on {rh-openstack} that uses Kuryr times out with the following messages during bootstrapping: 
+
[source,terminal]
----
INFO Waiting up to 20m0s for the Kubernetes API at https://api.ostest.shiftstack.com:6443...
INFO API v1.20.0+ba45583 up
INFO Waiting up to 30m0s for bootstrapping to complete...
ERROR Attempted to gather ClusterOperator status after wait failure: listing ClusterOperator objects: Get "https://api.ostest.shiftstack.com:6443/apis/config.openshift.io/v1/clusteroperators": dial tcp 10.46.44.166:6443: connect: connection refused
INFO Use the following commands to gather logs from the cluster
INFO openshift-install gather bootstrap --help
FATAL failed to wait for bootstrapping to complete: timed out waiting for the condition
----

> The time out is caused by changes in how Kuryr detects the {rh-openstack} Networking service (neutron) subnet of the cluster's nodes. 

Reviewer 2: s/time out/timeout

> The time out is caused by changes in how Kuryr detects the {rh-openstack} Networking service (neutron) subnet of the cluster's nodes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The timeout is caused by changes in how Kuryr detects the {rh-openstack} Networking service (neutron) subnet of the cluster's nodes. 
```

> As a workaround, do not remove the control plane machine manifests as described by the "Creating the Kubernetes manifest and Ignition config files" section in the installation documentation. When you are instructed to run the following command:

Reviewer 2: I don't know if you want to, but since the RN is an assembly you can direct link to that reference if you like

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rm -f openshift/99_openshift-cluster-api_master-machines-*.yaml openshift/99_openshift-cluster-api_worker-machineset-*.yaml
----

Run this command instead:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rm -f openshift/99_openshift-cluster-api_worker-machineset-*.yaml
----

> (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1927244[*BZ#1927244*])

Reviewer 2: Also this isn't in the preview, so now I don't trust the preview :thinking:

Reviewer: https://media.giphy.com/media/Z8lLZNsgELPzO/giphy.gif

I'm seeing it now.
